In this assignment, you will implement a text analyzer using Hadoop, a programming model and software framework for
developing applications that concurrently process large scale data on distributed systems. The analyzer you develop
has to calculate the occurrences of a given set of words that appear together in the given text. The data set for this
problem is the novel Pride and Prejudice. A collection of files(one per chapter) of all the text is provided in the
attached zip file for the assignment.

The appearance counts have to be counted per line. You do not need to separate sentences.
Just use the lines (which are separated by the newline character in the given files) as the basis for
computing the word frequencies.
The implemented analyzer should run in pseudo-distributed mode. Here is an
example:
for the analyzer: Text: “Mr. Bingley was good-looking and gentlemanlike; he had a pleasant countenance, and easy,
unaffected manners.”

Analysis: In the sentence above, for the word Bingley, “and” appears twice, “gentlemanlike” appears once, and so on.
For this problem, Bingley is a ‘contextword’, and “gentlemanlike”, and “and” are querywords. For the word and,
“pleasant” appears once, “and” appears once (not zero times or twice), and so on.
Your program should read the pair of words from a given input file that contains the words (one pair per line)
in space separated format - the first word being the contextword, and the second the queryword. Follow the
general programming assignment guidelines for all non-specified details. Your program should output the
following format (and only this format) to
standard ouput: <contextword><single-space><queryword><single-space><occurrence-frequency>.

Ex. If we run the text analyzer on the full text of the novel. Then:
Darcy occurs 112 times with Bingley.
Here, Bingley is the contextword, and Darcy is the queryword.
Elizabeth occurs 135 times with Jane. Here, Jane is the contextword, and Elizabeth is the queryword.

Thus, for a sample input file:
Bingley Darcy
Jane Elizabeth

The output should be:
Bingley Darcy 112
Jane Elizabeth 135

Additional input files and their corresponding outputs would be provided to you for validating your program.
For simplifying this assignment and obtaining the correct results, you should (1) mask non-alphabetic characters
by white-space; ie. any character other than a-z should be replaced by a single-space character.

(2) convert every alphabetic character into lower-case.
Before you start working on this assignment, it is suggested that to read the Quickstart guide
and the Tutorial on Hadoop webpage. The sample code in the tutorial would be helpful for this assignment.

Links:
Hadoop – http://hadoop.apache.org/
Documentation – http://hadoop.apache.org/docs/current/
MapReduce paper – http://research.google.com/archive/mapreduce.html